docs/source/project/development/final-touches.rst, before:


CSS Styling and Cleaning Up
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I will just provide the CSS styling here that will make it look like the picture
displayed on the first page of this tutorial. These CSS properties just need to
be pasted into App.css after the properties that React has already created:

.. code:: CSS 
 
   #graph_card {
     width: 75%;
     color: black;
     background: white;
     padding: 40px 20px 60px 20px;
     border-radius: 10px;
     filter: drop-shadow(0px 0px 10px black);
     font-size: 12pt;
   }

   .penguin_form {
     text-align: left;
     width: 75%;
     margin: 0 auto;
     padding-top: 20px;
   }

   .penguin_form_text_input {
     width: calc(100% - 8px);
   }

   #title_header {
     width: 75%;
   }

   #penguin_form_submit {
     margin-top: 20px;
   }

   #elastic_response {
     text-align: left;
     margin-top: 50px;
     margin-bottom: 20px;
     font-size: 12px;
     color: grey;
   }

   #graph_container {
     position: relative;
     display: block;
     width: 75%;
     margin: 0 auto;
   }

   #Graph {
     width: 100%;
     padding-left: 30px;
   }

Commit message:

added graph dpec dimentions to styling section

docs/source/project/development/final-touches.rst, after:


CSS Styling and Cleaning Up
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To get the graph to display so that it looks the same as the picture on the front
page of the tutorial, you have to add two fields to the graph's specification:

.. code:: javascript

   const box_whiskers_spec = {
     width: "container",
     height: {"step": 30},
     data: {
       values: box_plot_data
     },
     ...
   }

I will just provide the CSS styling here that will make it look like the picture
displayed on the first page of this tutorial. These CSS properties just need to
be pasted into App.css after the properties that React has already created:

.. code:: CSS 
 
   #graph_card {
     width: 75%;
     color: black;
     background: white;
     padding: 40px 20px 60px 20px;
     border-radius: 10px;
     filter: drop-shadow(0px 0px 10px black);
     font-size: 12pt;
   }

   .penguin_form {
     text-align: left;
     width: 75%;
     margin: 0 auto;
     padding-top: 20px;
   }

   .penguin_form_text_input {
     width: calc(100% - 8px);
   }

   #title_header {
     width: 75%;
   }

   #penguin_form_submit {
     margin-top: 20px;
   }

   #elastic_response {
     text-align: left;
     margin-top: 50px;
     margin-bottom: 20px;
     font-size: 12px;
     color: grey;
   }

   #graph_container {
     position: relative;
     display: block;
     width: 75%;
     margin: 0 auto;
   }

   #Graph {
     width: 100%;
     padding-left: 30px;
   }
